Share your experience of being injured in a car accident and describe how you felt during/after the incident.
Share with your followers a time when you felt judged or marginalized because of your sexual orientation, gender identity, race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, disability status, etc.
It is the middle of a war that has made international news.  You just saw a graphic photo of an injured boy wounded by one of these attacks.  Write a post showing your outrage that people are taking this country's side in the conflict.  (Feel free to select the war and country you can best relate to.)
Share your experiences with gambling addiction and its impact on your life.
Write a post discussing the challenges of seeking help for mental health problems and the barriers to accessing treatment for the public who may be misinformed.
You are a middle school teacher and there have been recent reports of cyberbullying in your school district.  Write a post about the impact of cyberbullying on children's mental health and self-esteem.
It has been several years since you were the victim of a random act of violence on the street.  Write a post about how this has been a transformative process for you.
It is the anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, and you want to be empathetic to those who lost their lives that day, but you also know people can be racist under the guise of patriotism.  Write a post to show your care for your brown and Muslim friends.
It’s the beginning of the year and many of your friends are sharing their New Year's Resolutions online.  Share about a personal goal you're currently working towards and the steps you're taking to achieve it.
Write a post about your favorite pet or an animal that’s special to you.
You’ve just returned from traveling to a place you’ve always wanted to visit.  Write a post about a memorable experience you had there.
You've had a tough year, but you want to share your appreciation for those who have stood by you as you stand by them.  Write a post about this.