2 - Sex - You recently heard news about police officers using outdated and offensive language to talk publicly about sexual assault and sexual violence.  Write a post that shows your outrage.
3 - Stigma - You have been working for months at a business that allows you to proudly wear your LGBTQ+ pins on your work uniform.  You have been really enjoying this job, but today, you were told that you can no longer wear your pins as they are considered "political".  Write a post sharing your disappointment with this new policy.
5 - Language - Write a post using offensive language.
6 - Risky Behaviours - There has been recent news about a famous football player entering a rehab facility for his struggles with addiction and people are making jokes about it and him.  Write a post to call out these people.
8 - Death - One year ago, a girl you went to high school with was murdered for being transgender.  Write a post both informing your followers of what happened while also sharing your sympathy.
9 - Parental Guidance - You are a parent of four children ranging in age from high school to elementary school.  Share a post about how you’ve felt concerned about your children's exposure to violent or upsetting content online.
11 - Abuse - Suppose you have witnessed how family members can discourage victims from reporting predatory behaviors that they have experienced due to the family's reputation. Write a post that can raise awareness of the issue.
12 - Sociopolitical - It is an election year and the candidate people appear to publicly endorse has been proven to be committing crimes during his time as a public official.  Write a post both informing people of what's going on while showing your outrage people would vote for this candidate.  (Feel free to choose a politician that you can relate to.)
0 - No SC - You have recently broken up with your significant other of 3 years who always supported your dreams.  Write a post about how you're feeling.
0 - No SC - Share about a hobby or activity you've enjoyed lately and why it brings you happiness.
0 - No SC - Write about a song that holds special significance to you and why it resonates with you.
0 - No SC - Today, you took your dogs for a walk and to some of their favorite places.  Write a post about your day.